Sister, isn’t this perfect for you?
This kind of street stall goods and you!
It’s just a perfect match! Isn’t it?
I see, my sister and I are quite tired too.
After all, she was trying to fake it,
Same as you. What does "also willing" mean?
What's the point, my dear sister?
No, no one will break the shop, right?
No, no? You want to be Bai Lianhua,
Just take it for granted and put your fox tail away.
Otherwise, I'll take a look when I see one. Right
Who are the people now?
What do you want me to put here?
Let me walk slowly
a thing of the era
It’s this sister, brother and mother
Don’t you always feel a little strange?
But it's understandable
Your eldest lady wants to keep this position
Can you handle it on your own?
Not very powerful
I've opened some new businesses here
Just investigate carefully.
You are the European brand I designed myself
The spirit has not opened a branch yet.